c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\BusinessLayer.dll
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\BusinessLayer.pdb
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\DatabaseAccessLayer.dll
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\DatabaseAccessLayer.pdb
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\obj\Debug\BusinessLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\obj\Debug\BusinessLayer.dll
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\obj\Debug\BusinessLayer.pdb
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
c:\users\abhishek umar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdminPanel\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
